**When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

You would want to create a remote repository when you want to publish
your work and make it available for others to see and use, as well as
comment or modify. You would also create a remote repository if you
were collaborating with others remotely

**Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having
Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You might want to pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository, if there are
any changes in your remote repository that you do not want added to
your local repository. That may be the case if you are collaborating
with others and they have made changes to the remote, that you may not
necessarily want.

**Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When
would you use one instead of another?

Forks are used in GitHub, to create a clone of a repository. Forks are
basically GitHub's version of cloning. Clones are copies of
repositories - either from GitHub to the local computer, or local to
local. Branches are related to commits, in that they are the logical
groupings of commits.

**What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the
remote stored locally?

The benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally is that you can work offline and still be able to
compare changes from when you last synced with GitHub. This way you can
look and compare what has changed from the GitHub version, to the
version you have stored locally, and review it without having to merge
into your local copy at this point in order to be able to see the
changes.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be
easier, and what would be harder?

Collaboration without Git or GitHub would require a similar version
control system, or at the very least regular and open communication. It
would be easier to set up and customize the collaboration system the
way you would want it, but if you don't have a similar system it would
probably harder to set up any advanced or streamlined functions.